Update Sprig list (#7843)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/cluster_lifecycle_arch.adoc

The hub cluster is the {ocp-short} (or {acm-short}) main cluster with the {mce-short} automatically installed. You can create, manage, and monitor other Kubernetes clusters with the hub cluster. You can create clusters by using the hub cluster, while you can also import existing clusters to be managed by the hub cluster.

> When you create a managed cluster, the cluster is created using the {ocp} cluster installer with the Hive resource. You can find more information about the process of installing clusters with the {ocp-short} installer by reading link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/installation_overview/index[Installing and configuring {ocp-short} clusters] in the {ocp-short} documentation.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a managed cluster, the cluster is created using the {ocp} cluster installer with the Hive resource. See more information about the process of installing clusters with the {ocp-short} installer by reading link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/installation_overview/index[Installing and configuring {ocp-short} clusters] in the {ocp-short} documentation.  
```
